I do not want to open it but they are oreos
taste pine vader imagine fuck what
accent that I have very good kids
I go for a walk in fasting like
every morning and nothing now I will leave you some
clips of some packages that came to me
yesterday one in particular I like how he made me
a lot of illusion and now when
I'll have breakfast because you made me so much
illusion and nothing today I have thousands in one place
from here of value of a little village
specialized in rice then I will eat
quality food and no junk food
what is he used to
do it seemed interesting to record it and
Nothing I hope you like and we're going to do it
well I just got to train and I
I see these two giants ie packages
some an order maybe might prodin because
I saw a good offer
apart from that they were lowered good
now you see the products separately if it is
fairs of fifteen euros gave you a
mesh and a tank top
Maya did there shirt for my
total if it's free well do not pay it
but it was fine with you and this laws
something that will make me very happy
As you can see, it's from Saulo, a friend of mine
madrid ' instagram
what is food I already know that it is food is what
waths up
well I imagine that now I will take
some surprise sure and now
we 'll see I'm going to make a boxing here
one
8 kilos of advertising
to my dog
good the meshes of her daughter
marathon citrulline
hmm
and a blue tank top
microtech it's all for buying those
two things that were fifteen euros that
gave away these two pieces of clothing
Well, you can see it, I love them and
he knows this that is not what it is to
mont I imagine it's something almond
of this chocolate I've heard about
super good and it's ok late
I do not know the flavors so to the adventure
but thank you very much and this I do not know what
that will be going to open the time
I do not want to open it but they are oreos
taste and you will not have imagined fuck what
accent that I have imagine of the other
flavor that was also bought then
thank you very much saulo below I will leave your
youtube channel that has just started
also with thematic and film
workouts and you are that is
starting and it's good to advertise others
channels in addition to good people
people
well nothing here you have the unboxing here
we have breakfast really only
it would have to be coffee to go on an empty stomach
do
and the abdomen is the school what I
you have to approve the cookie that you gave me
saulo
it's peanut butter, you see
the filling is different and nothing now
I will try to see how
then look good
brutal
because this will not sell it or with the
breakfast is going to be the next 4 golds of
banderilla de cabo y el café
what will this flavor be like, let's open it and
the taste has been oreo let's try it
it looks disbelieving what good
paints that have fuck are filled and
they know oreo
Now we are going to try everything
that brought us that I always do the whore
he ended up fucking fucking risis now I'm
arranged and ready to give me food
we just arrived here we have you
full of the hollyhock beach
applicants and squid to the
mom
full of boxes something to give kisses to
lleida
we are carrying saving money
because he said that paella is for
four are two we can
2 ham croquettes serrano punto
husband
a good pint
you did not eat 8 the same
rice and thank you for two
people
for my taste
Y
we go to the desserts as you know us
holding custard flan tarts three
chocolates for me
and that for a good new magazine
we will try everything
the side of merengada milk with syrup
candy
and he told me a coulant and the side of
nougat or vanilla
good and to finish a nice one with a
decaffeinated chocolate with saccharin
i
here
without the finished now a good nap
to cut down the food
this afternoon to walk a little to
lower blood insulin levels
but that you like the video and even
then